DOC-1685 3.9 Release note improvements (#211)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/release-notes/pages/index.adoc

> :description: Release notes for TigerGraph {page-component-version}.

Author: ```suggestion
:description: Release notes for TigerGraph {page-component-version} LTS.
```

:page-aliases: change-log.adoc, release-notes.adoc
:fn-preview: footnote:preview[Features in the preview stage should not be used for production purposes. General Availability (GA) versions of the feature will be available in a later release.]
:toc:
:toclevels:2

> TigerGraph Server {page-component-version}.0 was released on February 28th, 2023.

Author: ```suggestion
TigerGraph Server {page-component-version}.0 LTS was released on February 28th, 2023.
```

LTS versions are supported for 24 months from their initial release and should be the choice for production deployments.

== Key New Features

* *xref:3.9@gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:defining-a-graph-schema.adoc#_discriminator[Multiple edges of the same type between vertices]* - Simplifies application design for time series data and other complex large data sets
* *xref:3.9@tigergraph-server:data-loading:data-streaming-connector/[Data streaming connector]* - Simplifies and unifies setup for data loading, employs robust Kafka-based design, supports cloud-hosted data sources in many formats, including Parquet

> * *Improved monitoring and logging* - [Alex] Facilitates better workload management for xref:3.9@:gui-docs:monitoring:queries.adoc[queries] and loading jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Improved monitoring and logging* - Facilitates better workload management for xref:3.9@:gui-docs:monitoring:queries.adoc[queries] and xref:3.9@:gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:managing-loading-job.adoc[loading jobs].
```

* Added a new set of loading job xref:3.9@gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:functions/token/index.adoc[token functions for string manipulation].

==== Schema
* Full support for xref:3.9@:gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:defining-a-graph-schema.adoc#_discriminator[
multiple edges of the same type] between vertices, to simplify application design for time series data and other complex large data sets.

==== Querying and Query Management
* `to_string()` now supports all xref:3.9@gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:attribute-data-types.adoc#_primitive_types[primitive] and xref:3.9@gsql-ref:querying:accumulators.adoc#_vertex_attached_accumulators
[scalar accumulator] data types.
* Added support for batch deletion of multiple edges between vertices, both with GSQL `DELETE` and as a xref:3.9@tigergraph-server:API:built-in-endpoints.adoc#_delete_an_edge_by_source_target_edge_type_and_discriminator[REST endpoint].
* Standardized `SHOW PACKAGE` for xref:3.9@:graph-ml:using-an-algorithm.adoc#_packaged_template_queries[packaged queries] to follow the same behavior as other `SHOW` catalog commands.

=== JDBC Spark Connector

> * [Alex] Added support for loading job monitoring on xref:3.9@data-loading:spark-connection-via-jdbc-driver.adoc[JDBC Spark connector] loading jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for loading job monitoring on xref:3.9@data-loading:spark-connection-via-jdbc-driver.adoc[JDBC Spark connector] loading jobs. This allows users to check loading progress as a job is running, letting them catch errors before a job is completed.
```

> * [Alex] Added support for loading job monitoring on xref:3.9@data-loading:spark-connection-via-jdbc-driver.adoc[JDBC Spark connector] loading jobs.

Author: @alexthomasTG What does a User need to do to monitor the progress?  The referenced page doesn't mention monitoring. Would it be better to link to a different page that does address monitoring?

> * [Alex] Added the ability to assign a specific job ID to a JDBC loading job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the ability to assign a specific job ID to a JDBC loading job in order to manually control each job individually.
```

> * [Alex] Added the ability to assign a specific job ID to a JDBC loading job.

Author: @alexthomasTG Where in the documentation do we show how to assign an ID?

> * [Alex] Added error limiting parameters to JDBC loading jobs to cancel loading automatically when errors surpass a certain threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added error limiting parameters to JDBC loading jobs to cancel loading automatically when errors surpass a certain threshold.
```

> * [Alex] Added error limiting parameters to JDBC loading jobs to cancel loading automatically when errors surpass a certain threshold.

Author: @alexthomasTG Is this a user-configurable threshold? Where is this parameter described?

=== Kubernetes Operator

* Enhanced the functionality of the xref:3.9@kubernetes:k8s-operator/index.adoc[] so it is now the standard way to perform cluster operations with Kubernetes.

> * Added xref:3.9@kubernetes:k8s-operator/backup-and-restore.adoc[], [Alex] version upgrade, and [Alex] resource update functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added xref:3.9@kubernetes:k8s-operator/backup-and-restore.adoc[], xref:3.9@kubernetes:k8s-operator/cluster-operations.adoc#upgrade-cluster-version[version upgrade], and xref:3.9@kubernetes:k8s-operator/cluster-operations.adoc#update-cluster-resources[resource update] functionality.
```

> * Added xref:3.9@kubernetes:k8s-operator/backup-and-restore.adoc[], [Alex] version upgrade, and [Alex] resource update functionality.

Author: ```suggestion
* Added support for xref:3.9@kubernetes:k8s-operator/backup-and-restore.adoc[], xref:3.9@kubernetes:k8s-operator/cluster-operations.adoc#upgrade-cluster-version[upgrading the version of the TigerGraph server], and xref:3.9@kubernetes:k8s-operator/cluster-operations.adoc#update-cluster-resources[updating cluster resources].
```
